Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms in the biological kingdom Animalia. 
With few exceptions, animals consume organic material, breathe oxygen, are able to move, 
can reproduce sexually, and go through an ontogenetic stage in which their body consists 
of a hollow sphere of cells, the blastula, during embryonic development. Over 1.5 million 
living animal species have been described—of which around 1 million are insects—but 
it has been estimated there are over 7 million animal species in total. Animals range 
in length from 8.5 micrometres (0.00033 in) to 33.6 metres (110 ft). They have complex 
interactions with each other and their environments, forming intricate food webs. 
The scientific study of animals is known as zoology.

Transport (in British English), or transportation (in American English), is the movement 
of humans, animals, and goods from one location to another. In other words, the action 
of transport is defined as a particular movement of an organism or thing from a point 
A (a place in space) to a point B.
Modes of transport include air, land (rail and road), water, cable, pipeline, and space. 
The field can be divided into infrastructure, vehicles, and operations. Transport enables 
trade between people, which is essential for the development of civilizations.
Transport infrastructure consists of the fixed installations, including roads, railways, 
airways, waterways, canals, and pipelines and terminals such as airports, railway stations, 
bus stations, warehouses, trucking terminals, refueling depots (including fueling docks and 
fuel stations), and seaports. Terminals may be used both for interchange of passengers and 
cargo and for maintenance.
Means of transport are any of the different kinds of transport facilities used to carry people or cargo. 
They may include vehicles, riding animals, and pack animals. Vehicles may include wagons, 
automobiles, bicycles, buses, trains, trucks, helicopters, watercraft, spacecraft, and aircraft.
